What should you need to be doing every single day of the
Hey, hey, hey, welcome, welcome, welcome. My name's John Collins with Creator Exchange, and I'm just excited to have you here. My goal right now with this video is just to give you a quick walkthrough, a quick overview, a lay of the land, if you will, so you can understand exactly what you're looking at, and what you need to do for your next steps, so that you can get started with exactly what's on the screen, and that is getting started your path to 30K starting.
here. And so, just to make sure that we're on the same page, I want you to understand that you can have anything you want to do between right now and the next 90 days. I know that clipping may be new to a lot of you, but once you get the hang of this and understand there's a very limited amount of things that you really actually have to get a skill set around, there's no showing your face, there's no actually creating content that you
have to do. Only thing that you need to do is take engaging content from our creators.
edit it, slice it up, make it even more viral, find those juicy bits from that long-form content, and post it onto your accounts, and grow those accounts. It's just a matter of time before you're making 30K. So, what I want you to understand is that everything I'm about to show you is all about a challenge that I want to have you accept.
And that is the 90-day challenge of you making 30K, right? So that's what this is all about. Your path to 30K starts here. So, with that, I am just incredibly excited to show you how our platform is revolutionizing, as it says here, content distribution while creating incredible earning opportunities. So, with that, let's get moving.
Alright, so the first thing that I want you to understand, and I'm going to take you through, is the earnings calculator. I think that if you can really get a good understanding of, hey, here's the X's and O's, the levers that go into how you actually make money as a Clipper, and really, very, very quickly, I think it's just going to make things resonate a lot faster and make things just a little bit more real.
It's one thing to say, hey, you can make money, you can make 30K, an entirely different thing, if I can kind of show you what that picture looks like, what are the things that you need to be doing every single day to actually make that become a reality, not just a pipe dream, because let me tell you, it actually is reality. There are Clippers that are making
hundreds of thousands of dollars per month with the right creator, within them putting the clips together, and owning those audiences, and driving their own affiliate sales and commissions. So, I'm going to be breaking this down to you. I put together this calculator, it's actually called the Clipper Income Calculator, that's going to show you
Everything that you should be doing.
Let's remember our goal.
30K in 90 days.
Let's walk through how we make that a reality.
So this says here, imagine that 90 days from now, this could be your earning potential.
Go ahead and play around with the levers below. We've considered all the elements that you'll have at play once you start clipping for our creators. But I have to warn you, you may be shook off.
Alright, I love that. So, let's go. So, let's, scroll on down here, and we've got the Clipper Income Calculator. So, there are a number of different factors here, and so I'm gonna walk through each one of these. Number of creators working with, but also understand that you can work with more than one creator.
You know, you may want to work with 2 creators or 3 creators. It's all about the amount of time that you have available to do it, make sure you're doing an awesome job. It's certainly more of a quality over quantity, okay? So if you don't have time to work with 3 creators, then don't do it.
But we want to make sure that you're working at least with one creator, which is you're starting with right now, and we want to make sure that you're building out
quality videos and posting quality material, right? If it's
just about quantity, it's just not going to be effective. So, let's say right now, you're going to be working with two creators.
And as you go through this, there's… if you put your curve, your mouse over these.
you'll see these little tips. So this says, how many creators would you like to distribute content for? So right now, we're going to say two creators. You know what, I'm actually gonna say, let's say it's one creator that we're working with, and we'll come back and maybe make some adjustments, because I know all of you are going to be working with at least one creator, alright? So.
Here's the simple formula. This is what you need to be doing every single day.
2 posts per day, okay? Per platform. You're gonna create 3 different accounts, okay? So that's… for most everybody, it should be an Instagram account, a TikTok account, and a YouTube Shorts, right? So a YouTube account you're gonna be pasting shorts to. So those are the 3 accounts, okay?
for each one of those accounts, you are going to post on each one of those accounts twice a day, right? So, one in the morning, one in the evening.
Okay, in our training, we'll go into a little more detail, but right now, just understand you're gonna make 2 posts a day.
On those 3 accounts. So that's 6 posts a day. That's all you're doing, is 6 posts a day.
Alright? Number of social media platforms. That's 3, as I just said. So, if you look here, number of platforms you'll post to. Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, maybe it's Facebook, maybe it's X, but I'd say your 3 primaries are Instagram, YouTube, and TikTok, okay?
But, of course, we can change this around if you want to do more. I wouldn't really say, you know, you may want to start out with two or one, but as soon as possible, you should have three platforms that you're posting to each day. Alright, so here's where we're at. You got one creator, you're making 2 posts per day on each of the three accounts. Now.
This next piece is days per week that you're gonna post.
Obviously, there's 7 days in a week, right? Last time I checked, and I don't think it's gonna change.
But right now, we're just gonna say it's 5 days, so maybe it's Monday through Friday, maybe you want to take maybe Monday and Tuesday off, so you post Wednesday through Sunday.
Okay, whatever works for you. I'd certainly recommend, maybe that's even better, because you're gonna generally have more activity on a weekend. But, we're gonna go ahead and build in, you've got a couple days that you just missed from posting.
So, you've got 5 days that you're gonna post, alright? So, 1 creator, 2 posts per day, 3 different platforms, and we're posting 5 days every week. So, this next piece is views per post.
Okay, so… What is the average number of views per post for each account?
That's what we want to know. And so…
You may start out, and this is this whole thing about consistency and being committed that I talked out.
Talked about earlier. Understand that when you start, it's most likely only going to be on the lower, you know what I mean? You may only be getting 400 posts, 400 views per post.
But, even if you're there, you're not going to stay there. It's not because the content isn't good content. As long as you stay consistent, making your post, 5 days a week, you're gonna start to see your audience grow, it's gonna get more fine-tuned, the algorithms are gonna do what algorithms do, and they're gonna find your audience.
That's actually engaging with the content that you're posting from the creator?
and those views are gonna go up. So, you know, it may be very quickly you get to 5,000 views on average per post. But right now, let's just kind of set this at 2,000, okay? Around 2,000. Let me tell you, getting 2,000 views on average
That's pretty basic, pretty ordinary. There's absolutely nothing extraordinary about that.
But, right now, let's keep things conservative and say that you're making 2,000… getting 2,000 views per post.
Next thing is we want to look at conversion rate, right? So, when we're looking at conversion rate, what we mean by that is every view that you get that eventually goes on and purchases the creator's digital product, whether that is joining the community, one-time sale, or whatever it may be, that's what we're talking about. That's a conversion rate.
And so, this is average conversion rate from views to product purchase. And we're setting this pretty low. We can go all the way down to 0.1. You know, we may find that .2 is on average for your creator.
or 0.3. Of course, it can go up to 2%. That's somebody that's converting extremely high, so let's not even go there. Let's keep it around these rounds here, 0.3 to 0.1 even. Okay? Just to kind of keep things conservative. So the next thing we want to look at, and this is really the final thing that we're looking at.
is the commission per sale. Okay, so every time that you sell something from the creator.
you're going to get paid a commission, right? An affiliate commission. That is how you're going to earn your money by the bulk. For most accounts.
most creators, is through affiliate sales, okay? So, simply what means is every time you're gonna be making your post, you're gonna have a bunch of users and thousands of people that view that content.
Those are gonna… those people are gonna go on, and they're gonna click on your affiliate link.
Okay, that's gonna be tied specifically to you. That's how we know, that's how the WAP system understands that, hey.
You are getting credit for this sale, so you earn an affiliate commission.
And so… Generally, that affiliate commission is 30% of whatever it may be, so…
To make it easy, let's say that the product is $100.
30% of that is $30. And so, we'll just say here, we'll move that to $30 as your commission, okay?
$30 here.
That's what you earn every time. So, we're gonna back up here, just put this all together. You've got one creator, you're making two posts per day.
You're doing that across 3 accounts. Okay, when I say making 2 posts, that means you're making 2 videos. You're editing 2 clips, that's it.
You're taking that long podcast, whatever content that's coming from the content of the creator, you're taking two clips out. Those clips are gonna be 30 seconds each, a minute each, okay? You're gonna edit it, you're gonna clip it, and then you're gonna post it.
Across your 3 platforms. You're gonna do that 5 days a week. You're gonna be averaging 2,000 views per post. Your conversion rate's .3%.
And you're making $30 commission per sale. So what does this mean?
We're at a potential monthly income of $23,000 a month.
It's life-changing income for basically everybody, okay? Life-changing income. That's potential annual income of $280,000.
I want you guys to realize that is the same income that… or more of a higher income than many doctors make, more income than attorneys make.
And you doing this, just the clipping, without ever showing your face, without you coming up with any of the content of your own.
But simply being consistent with taking these clips and doing exactly what I've just described, in 90 days, you could be on track to making $281,000 a year.
Absolutely incredible. Stay consistent, this is a path, turn off everything else, right? Unsubscribe from the emails you're getting, unsubscribe from the… from accounts that are talking about do this, do that.
That's all shiny object syndrome.
You found the solution.
All you have to do is now take advantage. So now, let's go ahead and kind of play around with this a little bit.
Okay, so let's keep it one creator. You're gonna make your 2 posts across 3 accounts, 5 days a week.
What happens now when you're averaging 5,000 views per post?
Okay? 5,000 views per average, and that's not change anything else. Let's keep a .3 conversion rate. Your commission, of course, is gonna stay the same. Your income, just because your views, average views per post have went up.
To 5,000 average views proposed?
And I'm gonna show you something to show you that this is not unrealistic whatsoever.
You're at $58,000 potential monthly income.
Absolutely incredible.
Okay? This is how you make a life-changing income, and I'm gonna do one other thing right now.
And then we're gonna move on. But I want you to understand the potential.
So, let's say that instead of just one creator that you're working with.
You start working with two creators, everything else stays the same.
You're working with 2 creators, you're making 2 posts per day, you're posting on 3 of the accounts, 5 days per week.
But instead of 1, you're doing it 2. Everything else stays the same. You're gonna have a ramp-up period.
Okay? Don't forget about that, call it a maturation process. This is making $100,000 a month. $117,000 a month, being a clipper.
I gotta tell you, I think it's just an incredible opportunity, and…
as I said before, there are many clippers that have already done this with other creators, and the longer we start doing, that's the reason why we have Creator Exchange now.
is that I want to bring this to more and more people. You are in the place where very, very few people even understand what clipping's all about. Very few creators understand how that can actually… creators understand how that can actually help them grow exponentially.
But it's something that so many of the many creators, MrBeast, right? They have these clipping communities, and they've been doing this, just no one knows about it. So you're extremely early, do not let this opportunity pass. This is how you can make a million dollars a year, in this case, $1.4 million a year. I'm not guaranteeing that, of course.
By the way, I do want you to understand is this is how you do it. You have to say, I'm gonna put my blinders on.
I'm going to take this content, I'm going to post it every day, and I'm going to become an expert at clipping.
That's the difference between you absolutely changing your life and staying where you're at. So, this is why I want you to understand this, this is the earning calculator, and if you have any kind of questions about this, get with me, let's hit the chat, and then we will, talk about it more, and I'll get all your questions answered, and we'll go through any other kind of scenarios that you may want to go through on this here.
Okay, so let's keep it moving.
So that was a 90-day earnings calculator, and as we said, that's the challenge. I want you making 30K in 90 days. Everything I've shown you in this calculator is how you make that happen.